[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and learn
all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] At long last,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World,
ruled by the Four Emperors.
Forming an alliance
with the Warlord, Law,
the Straw Hats capture
the evil scientist, Caesar,
and head to Dressrosa
to shut down
a man-made Devil Fruit factory.
[LUFFY] "Explore! A Kingdom of
Love and Passion--Dressrosa!"
[LUFFY laughs]
Dressrosa! Let's party!
I told you, keep it
down, Luffy!
Dammit! We're deep in enemy
territory, you know!
[LUFFY laughing]
[USOPP]
Not a good start.
Wow! I just got the tests
in and guess what?
I'm extra super! As soon
as we find that factory,
then I'll let my
lasers rip! Boom!
[USOPP groans] Okay, enough
with the yelling, please!
We should head into town
and get a feel for
the place first, right?
[LAW]
Uh-huh. But listen.
No unnecessary risks.
If we fail to take
out the factory,
then our entire plan is ruined.
[LUFFY] Oh, hey! I just
had a great idea!
Momo!
Tch.
[grunting]
Yeah, Momo! Fly me straight
into town! Let's go!
Get off! I am not going to town!
Also, I cannot fly!
I am to stay here.
What d'you mean you can't fly?
I've seen you do it!
Back in that garbage
chute, remember?
I don't! I have no clue
what you're talking about!
[LUFFY] I'm not lying...
He flew. For real!
But he doesn't have wings.
[LUFFY grumbles]
Surely I would recall that!
And even if I could
fly, I can't now.
If I did, then... Then...
[DOFLAMINGO]
What's your name?
[MOMONOSUKE gasps]
[MOMONOSUKE]
It matters not!
The point is, I will never do
such a dreadful thing again!
I won't fly. You can't make me!
What is your deal?
Afraid of heights, or what?
How dare you!
[LUFFY groaning]
Ow!
[MOMONOSUKE]
I am a valiant samurai!
There is nothing in this
entire world that I fear!
[LUFFY groaning]
Nothing, huh? How 'bout my fist?
[MOMONOSUKE] Your insolence
truly knows no bounds!
Ruffian! Scoundrel!
What the hell are
those morons doing?
Luffy, he's only
eight years old.
Cut the crap!
I don't care if
you're a samurai,
I'm gonna be King of
the Pirates someday!
Ha! So what?
I shall be the shogun
of Wano someday,
and you'll be like a worm
beneath my feet!
[LUFFY]
You're a worm! Or an eel!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Then you're a monkey, you ape!
[LUFFY] Yeah, so what?
Monkeys are awesome!
Enough, Momonosuke!
We owe him our lives.
[MOMONOSUKE, LUFFY panting]
Sir Luffy, please, forgive him.
He is a samurai, but he is still
young and lacks restraint.
That said, perhaps you could
show some restraint
in dealing with children,
for all our sakes.
If he's such a little coward,
maybe he shouldn't talk so big.
[MOMONOSUKE]
You...
[KIN'EMON]
I said "enough"!
[MOMONOSUKE]
Curse it all! Nami!
Okay, okay, don't cry!
Why is he picking on me?
It's all right.
[ALL screaming]
--[BROOK] No...
--[SANJI] ...you...
[KIN'EMON]
...don't!
[BROOK, SANJI, KIN'EMON]
Get off of her!
[NAMI]
What's their problem?
Ah-ha! Like father, like son!
You samurai are a bunch
of lechers, aren't you?
Where I come from, if you
want to be perverse,
then you ask politely!
M-Mind your tongue, knave!
[FRANKY] Hey, Kin'emon!
Let's head to town!
How should we pervert-- Uh...
I mean, convert our clothes
so we don't stand out?
Oh! A disguise! Yes, of course!
The men wear collared shirts.
The women wear as
little as possible.
In Dressrosa, this fashion
is particularly
important for women.
Allow me to produce
appropriate costumes
so that we may enter
the town safely!
I think I'm gonna like
this Dressrosa place!
Me, too!
Give it a rest!
[BOYS groaning]
Whoa, scary.
[growls]
--[LAW] Hey.
--Uh?
Better take this,
it might come in handy.
It's a Vivre Card?
[LAW]
Yeah. It'll take ya
to that place called
Zou I mentioned.
After I hand off Caesar
and destroy the SMILE factory
like we planned, Zou was gonna
be the next stop on my trip.
My crew's there.
If anything happens to us on
Dressrosa, go straight there.
W-Wait a second.
Just in case, right?
We should be fine.
Who knows.
What's that paper?
A map one of my crew
members made.
[NAMI]
Kind of sloppy...
[LAW]
So this is where we're at.
The West coast of Dressrosa.
Doflamingo's palace
is at the center.
That's the circle right here.
The SMILE factory
could be anywhere.
I hardly even know
where to start.
Just search for
info and try to move
as quickly as possible
without raising suspicion.
[SANJI sniffing]
My team will be responsible
for handing over Caesar.
We'll pass through Dressrosa
until we get to
the northern shore.
There, we'll cross a long bridge
to the island of Green Bit.
Why do we have to cross
Dressrosa to get to an island?
We can just take the ship,
right? Together!
I was told that's not possible.
My! Sounds like fun!
Just get me there
safely, please.
I think I've got "Can't Step
Foot on Dressrosa" Disease.
Hold on, Kanjuro.
We will be there soon.
As for the Sunny Security Team,
be wary of enemy attacks.
You may have to be our decoy.
Wait, what? Is that a thing?
We might engage in combat?
What? I thought guarding
duty would be the safest!
Well, we are in enemy
territory, right?
But that's okay, 'cause we've
got Sanji to protect us!
Huh?
He's not here! Sanji?
[USOPP]
Luffy's team is gone, too!
[LAW] Tch. They're the
key to this whole plan.
They better not blow it!
Hey! Forget about
them for a second,
who's gonna protect us?!
[NARRATOR] Those who travel
here may find their hearts
enchanted by any number of
the kingdom's many wonders.
[NARRATOR]
For example, the fields
of beautiful, fragrant flowers.
[NARRATOR] Or perhaps the
enticing aroma of local cuisine.
[SANJI, FRANKY, LUFFY]
Smells good!
♪
[NARRATOR]
After dinner, beautiful women
and their passionate dances
may catch your eye.
Looks good!
[NARRATOR]
And most remarkable of all...
[TOY MAN A]
Hey! Wait! Give it back!
Mario! Bad dog! Bad dog!
Give me back my arm!
It's not a toy!
I need that! What if the
stuffing comes out, huh?
Then what am I gonna do?
Gimme a break already!
--[TOY MAN A] Mario!
--[TOY GIRL A screams]
[TOY MAN A] All this running's
giving a side stitch
in my stuffing!
A-Are they toys?
[NARRATOR] There is a strange
sight that awestruck visitors
cannot see anywhere
else in the world.
Why, hello there!
[CREW grunt]
[TOY MAN B] Just a friendly
neighborhood soldier,
don't mind me!
Hmm, that's odd. Have we
met somewhere before?
I know your face.
Huh...?
Ahh...
Oh, that's it! You were
in today's paper!
Ah! Oh, no! My strings
got all tangled up!
Someone help me!
Is it a toy or a dude?
Hey, Luffy, look at that!
[gasps]
[TOY MAN C laughing]
[NARRATOR]
Everywhere you look,
as if it were nothing
peculiar at all,
there are toys,
living alongside humans.
[NARRATOR]
Only outsiders seem perplexed
by these colorful citizens.
[NARRATOR]
Love, passion, and toys
dance together in the streets
here in the port town of Acacia.
A man's been stabbed
in the streets!
[WOMAN screams]
[TOY MAN B]
Aw, not again!
Did he say "again"?
You got some maniac on
the loose? Is that it?
No, just very passionate women.
And they're the
jealous type. You know.
So if their lover cheats
on them, for example,
things get a little violent.
[ZORO]
A "little"?
[TOY MAN B]
Seems like the pretty ones
are especially stabby.
[LUFFY grunts]
Okay, the toys are alive,
I'm over it now!
Come on! Let's eat!
[TOWNSPEOPLE chattering]
[CHILD A]
Hey! Wait for me!
[LUFFY chuckles]
All right!
Disguises lookin' good!
I'm so hungry!
[gasps]
[LUFFY]
You guys smell that?
[LUFFY gasps, laughs]
Yeah! Let's eat here!
Excuse me.
[FUJITORA] I heard there was a
gambling house somewhere nearby.
Do you know where it might be?
Nah, sorry, pal. I'm afraid
this is my first time here.
Hey, but there is a restaurant
straight ahead.
[FUJITORA] Oh, uh, very well
then. Thank you kindly, sir.
[KIN'EMON growls]
Whoa! That scared me!
Sir Luffy!
We cannot afford to whittle away
the hours in this place!
Time is short. I must
search for Kanjuro promptly!
Whoa, whoa, relax bro.
I know we gotta move quick,
but we can't go
runnin' around blind,
we gotta gather info first.
Hey, isn't this fishy to you?
The king of the country
abdicated his throne
this morning. I kind
of figured this place
would be in chaos, but
nobody seems to care.
[ZORO] Maybe they haven't
heard the news yet.
What? No way.
[LUFFY]
Huh... Let's ask 'em! Hey, pops!
Stop it!
Why is that bad?
'Cause you were on the front
page of the newspaper today!
[LUFFY]
Huh?
[TOY MAN E]
Thanks for waiting.
Your order has arrived.
Or has it?
[LUFFY] Whoa! Yeah,
I think it has. Let's eat.
[TOY MAN E]
Dress Shrimp Paella!
[LUFFY]
Oooh!
[TOY MAN E]
Rose Squid Ink Pasta!
[LUFFY]
Ahh!
[TOY MAN E]
And Fairy Pumpkin Gazpacho!
[LUFFY] Looks awesome!
It's time to dig in!
So good!
What the heck is a
"Fairy Pumpkin."
Well, uh, you see...
In this country,
many people still believe
in old legends about fairies.
Or do they?
[LUFFY]
What kind of legends?
More like, people see
fairies. Or do they?
On the island?
[TOY MAN E]
Indeed! All the time!
Fascinating, right?
It's been that way
for centuries!
Although most of us
have never seen them,
we all know they exist!
And do you know what
people call them?
I'll tell you! They call them...
...the guardian deities
of Dressrosa. Or do they?
Ah, would you shut up?
Take care! It's a
wild world out there.
Or is it? Heh! It is!
[laughing]
Fairies? This place
is crazy enough.
Who needs 'em?
[MAN F] He got it again!
That's 14 times in a row!
A party? Wonder what
their deal is.
[ZORO]
It's a roulette table.
Eh?
Some blind guy is on
a big win streak.
[LUFFY]
A blind guy, huh?
Place your bets now, please.
[FUJITORA chuckles]
Well, let's see here...
[FUJITORA]
Black, please. That should work.
[MAN B]
You heard him! Black!
Black for me!
--[WOMAN B] Me, too!
--[MAN D] Me, too, of course!
[growls]
No more bets!
[DEALER A]
Black 29!
[CASINO TABLE cheering]
It's black!
Wow! Fifteen times in a row!
You've made me a very
rich man, thank you!
Ha, I don't get it,
but I sure owe you one!
No, no. It's nothing.
I merely had a stroke
of luck today.
[MAN B] Here, take it.
I owe you this much, at least.
[MAN G] And here, this is
from me. Go for more, friend!
--[WOMAN B] Here, from me.
--[MAN C] And me!
[DEALER A gasping]
--[MAN B] Thanks again!
--[MAN C] Good luck!
Well, well. You are
quite the gambler!
How 'bout this, let's do
a round just you and me!
Eh? I don't quite follow, sir.
If I beat you,
then I'll know I'm the
luckiest man in the world!
Come on pal, don't tell me
you're just gonna walk
away after all that!
No, no. You see, my friends here
were kind enough to
share their chips.
I couldn't possibly disrespect
their generosity.
What a guy!
I knew I could count
on you, Grandpa!
As for the rest of you,
go to the back of the room,
exchange your chips
and then get lost!
[GROUP whimpering]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Now, place your bet.
[FUJITORA]
White this time, please.
Well, fair enough.
In that case,
I'll be betting on black.
What is it, friend?
Did I win or lose?
Oh, too bad! Looks like black!
Your streak is over!
That's a real shame.
I'll try round two!
White! Let's go!
Black for me!
Oh! Black 20! You lose again!
[FUJITORA grunts]
White again, please!
[growls]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Another black! Wow!
[FUJITORA growls]
White!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
It's black!
[FUJITORA]
White!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Black!
[FUJITORA growls]
White!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
I'm sorry! Another black!
This is a disgrace...
...to the Don Quixote name!
They're nothin' but
a bunch of thugs.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE D]
And there goes your money!
We can really clean up
when Buffalo isn't here
keeping an eye on us.
Yeah, no joke.
Seems like all my luck ran out.
This is no good at all!
Give up? You had
enough, old man?
[FUJITORA]
Not yet.
[gasps]
[FUJITORA] One last time.
I'll bet everything I've got.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Hm?
That's the spirit!
You pick whatever color
catches your fancy,
and I'll take the other, okay?
Of course, I'll bet everything
I've got, as well!
[FUJITORA]
You must be feeling lucky today.
Uh-huh.
All right, here goes.
Place your bet.
[FUJITORA]
This time, I'm certain.
Everything on white,
if you would, sir.
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hats
are in utter astonishment
when the mysterious blind man
reveals just how
powerful he truly is.
Meanwhile, fighters hailing
from all across
the New World gather
in the Corrida Colosseum
before the historic
battle begins.
Each gladiator
eager to fight for
a chance to win the
amazing grand prize!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Full of Enthusiasm!
The Corrida Colosseum!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!